Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[ Music ]
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
[ Inhales ]
[ Exhales ]
Mmm.
Hey.
I know you.
Now, where you headed?
Daniel: I don't know.
Not all who wander are lost.
Yeah.
Till you get things figured out,
you reckon you could give me
a hand with a little chore?
I don't mind.
[ Inhales ]
"Can do" attitude.
[ Music ]
How'd you get here?
Kerwin: Through the wall.
That's not possible.
Shh.
It's weird, isn't it?
What is?
That I know exactly
when I'm gonna die.
That's very sad, Kerwin.
It has its pluses.
You can grieve your own death.
[ Music ]
[ Laughter ]
[ Car door slams ]
Forgot my key.
Shh... [ Bleating ]
Hey, can I stay
back here with 'em?
Nah, they'll be fine.
I'm the one need the company.
[ Music ]
Slide down.
Get low in your seat.
Best they don't see
that you're with me.
You can peek out
once in a while.
[ Music ]
Oh!
Damn!
[ Music ]
[ Bleating ]
[ Baby crying ]
[ Chatter, sirens wailing ]
Ah!
Where'd ya go, son?
You wanna see
somethin' different?
Know you're tempted,
but don't peek.
[ Cattle mooing ]
There she blows.
[ Music ]
Somebody made that up.
It's the beauty that hurts
you most, son, not the ugly.
[ Music ]
[ Grunting ]
Ha-ha-ha!
Ow!
Ha!
Huh.
Ha-ha.
[ Grunting ]
You ain't goin' nowhere.
Come here.
Come here, you.
Come on.
[ Panting ]
[ Music ]
Come on.
[ Panting ]
He's skinny, but he's furkid.
Ha.
[ Music ]
[ Goats bleating ]
This is your trip, but
you're about to pull a 360.
You gonna run 'em off a cliff?
What?
Like swine?
You read too much.
I put a knot on your head.
I think so.
[ Laughter ]
[ Snorts ]
Oh.
[ Snorting ]
Oh!
Once it opens up,
it's hard to staunch.
Whoa, Nelly.
What?
Stop.
Stop!
That's it?
That's the sign you
was lookin' for?
Them damn things is everywhere.
Hey!
You did me a solid.
It's yours.
I don't want any.
You can't get nowhere in
this world without money.
[ Music ]
Hey.
Are you real?
Am I real?
[ Laughter ]
I want some of what
you're takin'.
[ Laughter ]
[ Music ]
[ Beeping ]
Tawney: Welcome home, husband.
Ted: Hi.
How was it?
Informative.
In a good way?
Maybe.
Hey.
I missed you.
Teddy?
Yeah.
I want you to keep an open mind.
Okay.
I believe there's been a
miracle, a real miracle.
Really?
It was the most
beautiful thing, Teddy.
It strengthened my faith.
What happened?
Daniel's gonna be saved.
What?
[ Music ]
Ted: Daniel, what
a nice surprise.
Is everything okay?
Remember when you were a kid,
and you came back to that
place you were years later,
and everything seemed so small?
Yeah.
But, it seems bigger now.
You want some coffee?
It's nothin' fancy, just made.
I'd like that, Ted.
Tawney: Well, we were getting
ready for the jubilee.
Ted Jr.: At our church?
Uh, yes.
And we were making casseroles,
and-and-- oh, Pastor Beau
met him and was so welcoming.
And we got to talkin'.
You and-- you and
Daniel got to talkin'?
Yes, Teddy, about big things.
S-so, you invited
him to our church?
Isn't that what we're
supposed to do as Christians?
Well, of course, it is, Tawney.
But, I mean, our church?
Honey, they're practically the last
group that buys tires from us.
Well, that's not gonna stop.
[ Sighs ]
What?
It just doesn't make
any sense to me.
What doesn't?
I mean, look, the Holdens have
never been religious people.
I mean, none of 'em.
And I'm pretty sure Amantha's
a full-blown atheist,
and if she does believe in God,
she probably hates his guts.
Why can't you ever see
the good in people?
I see good in people.
And why can't God perform
miracles in this town, right now?
Of course, he can.
- I-I--
- I saw it in his eyes.
You saw what?
A goodness and a need.
A need for what?
For God, Teddy, a need for God.
Oh, boy.
He wants to be cleansed--
cleansed of all he's been through.
Now, I saw it, and I felt it.
He's-he's seekin'--
what's that word?
He's seekin' absolution.
Why do you care
about him so much?
Because he's one of God's
children, and-and I believe
he has suffered unjustly,
terribly so, maybe more than Job.
[ Sighs ]
What?
Nothin'.
Why do you hate him so much?
Hate him?
I don't even know him.
Hell, that's part
of the problem.
All I know, is he got off
death row six days ago
on some DNA thing I still
don't fully understand.
And now, you're hangin' out with
him, as soon as I leave town!
Daniel: It was nice of
you to marry my mother.
Ted: Nice of me?
I'm the lucky one.
I remember him.
I'm not plannin' to work here.
I just wanted you to know.
Somebody been talkin' to you?
When I was a kid, I-- even then,
I knew I wouldn't work here.
I just wasn't...
I wanted to tell
him, but I couldn't.
Somethin' like that would be hard
for a boy to tell his father.
In hindsight, I'm glad I didn't.
You don't trust my
judgment, do you?
I think you see the good in
everybody you meet, Tawney.
But, I'm here to tell you
not all people are good.
I know good, decent people,
people I've known my whole life,
people I would trust
my own children with,
that believe in their hearts that
he is a cold-blooded killer.
And you can't dismiss that just
because you don't want it to be true.
Now, look, I'll give him
the benefit of the doubt.
Okay?
For you, for mom, for dad,
Jared, hell, even Amantha.
All I'm saying, is for him to be
on death row all those years,
knowing what was facing him,
and he didn't do nothin'
to get right with the Lord, and
then he gets out, and in six days,
he gets testified to by
some pretty, young woman--
- I don't appreciate--
- ...and all of a sudden,
he's filled with the spirit!
I'm sorry, but that seems
pretty damn suspicious to me.
I don't think--
I believe he meant it.
Then there's nothin'
left to talk about.
I'm gonna go check on dad.
Got the big semi-annual
tire sale comin' up.
A lot of good that's gonna do.
[ Country music plays ]
♪ There's nothing to do on a lonely
Friday night except drive into town ♪
♪ and turn around at the church
of Christ and wave to your ♪
♪ friends as they go passing by ♪
Hey, bud.
See the dancing man?
Hope you got it on sale.
Got all the fliers, 5,000.
Five thousand?
Got a good deal.
Don't worry.
I'm worried where we're gonna
find 5,000 cars to put 'em on.
One at a time.
I think we'll be lucky to
get one in five hundred
of those to even come in.
That'll be somethin'.
- How was the seminar?
- It was okay.
Everything all right at home?
Yeah-- it's fine, dad.
Where-where's the
ceramic mechanic?
Oh, Daniel took it.
What?
Well, he came by here.
He looked kinda pitiful, too.
Yeah.
He's got that look down.
What did he want
with the mechanic?
- Well, it belonged to his daddy.
- It belongs to the store!
Well, I didn't know you
cared so much for it.
I touch it every day
that I come in here!
Really?
Why?
I don't know, luck or--
never mind why I touch it.
The point is, I touch it!
We'll get another one.
[ Sighs ]
That's not the point, dad.
Why don't you go back
home, get some rest,
and I'll put out the fliers?
No, I'll put 'em out.
I need to get some fresh air.
Ugh...
[ Music ]
Amantha: Do we know what
time he made his escape?
Janet: No, but he stopped by the
store mid-morning to see your dad.
Dad?
Oh, Ted, I mean.
Ted say how he was doin'?
Disheveled.
So, what do we do?
Call the men in white coats?
Are there still men
in white coats?
I hope not.
Hmm... how about the
men in white hats?
They never existed.
Deep down, you're darker
than I am, mother.
Admit it.
I don't think I wanna
do that, Amantha.
Well, I guess we
just wait, then.
I think so.
- He'll be--
- Fucked up.
I'm gonna start finishing
my own sentences.
Please, mother, don't take
away one of my few pleasures.
Mom!
Janet!
It's Teddy!
Lord works in mysterious ways.
Be right down!
I hope it's okay I just dropped
by like I always have.
Of course.
No pie.
That's okay.
No worries.
There's monkey bread
on the counter.
Teddy?
Sure.
So, Daniel adjusting okay?
Splendidly.
I can't say I wasn't a little
surprised by his decision.
Decision?
He didn't tell ya?
What decision?
Turning his life
over to the Lord.
What?
Washed in the blood.
What in the hell are you
talkin' about, Teddy?
Daniel's getting baptized
tonight at the jubilee.
I assumed ya'll knew.
[ Music ]
[ Chatter, laughter ]
Jared: Hey, Daniel.
Daniel: Hey, Jared.
Been a while.
Yeah-- heard that.
It's a trip thinkin' of
you being here, now.
Yeah, I bet.
Can we help you with something?
Uh, you want me to call mom?
See if she can come pick you up?
I'll walk.
Thank you, though.
Get back to class.
Ted Jr.: Daniel and Tawney
been hanging out a little bit.
Amantha: When?
When I was out of town, for one.
They met at the church.
She might've hung out with
him here-- I don't know.
She hasn't.
How do you know?
What's your point?
My point?
Mmm-hmm.
You ever think how it makes me
feel to have to come over here?
I don't really care
how you feel, Ted.
Janet: Amantha.
I just thought you'd like to know.
That's all.
Thought you assumed
we already did.
In case you didn't.
Boy, I knew you'd crucify the
messenger, especially if it was me.
Oh, I'm sure it was just torture
for you to come over here
and drop a big, fat
turd right at our feet.
- That's enough.
- Bless your little heart.
Really!
[ Door closing ]
Hello?
Danny?
Well, great monkey bread.
[ Music ]
Daniel?
What?
Can we speak with you?
Uh, okay.
How ya doin', buddy?
Very well.
How are you?
Well, we're worried
about ya, honey.
Why?
- Well--
- Because we love you.
Love is patient and kind.
Love is not jealous,
or boastful, or proud.
That's a lot of money.
Is it?
For cash, looks like it.
You think it was ill-gotten?
No.
I don't think that.
Mother?
I don't know, Daniel.
I don't, either.
I have to get ready.
Where ya headed?
You don't know?
We know.
Well, if you know,
then why did you ask?
Because we don't know how
to talk to you, honey.
Just talk-- say it.
What?
I couldn't think of his name.
Daniel, we think that you
should consider holding off
- going through with the--
- Being saved?
Maybe you should sleep on it.
Have you been gettin'
much sleep?
Can you guarantee I'll be here?
What do you mean?
It could happen at any time.
What could?
Anything-- anything could
happen at any time.
Oh... and now, I
don't have time.
Time? Daniel?
- Daniel, please?
- Please what?
Please be the way
you want me to be?
No. I just want you to be happy.
I will be happy.
When I'm cleansed,
Daniel, please?
I don't know how
you want me to be!
- But, Daniel--
- I'm not even sure if I'm alive!
- Oh... honey--
- Just stop!
Stop living your life
for me, Amantha.
I never asked you to, ever!
Now, please, I'd like to walk
through that door like a person.
[ Singing ]
♪ Well there ain't no grave grave
gonna hold my body down ♪
♪ There ain't no grave
I baptize you in the name
of the Father, the Son,
and the Holy Spirit.
♪ When I hear that trumpet sound I'm
gonna get up out of the ground ♪
♪ there ain't no grave
gonna hold my body down ♪
♪ Well I looked way over
Jordan seen people dressed ♪
♪ in white I know it was God's people
and I seen them doing right ♪
♪ there ain't no grave
gonna hold my body down ♪
Breathe and hold your nose.
I baptize you in the name
of the Father, the Son,
and the Holy Spirit.
[ Music ]
♪ There ain't no grave grave
gonna hold my body down ♪
♪ there ain't no grave
♪ when I hear that trumpet sound I'm
gonna get up out of the ground ♪
♪ there ain't no grave gonna
hold my body down ♪
Come on down, son.
It'll be okay.
It's all right. It's all right.
You're all right.
We got you.
Plug your nose.
Bend your knees.
[ Music ]
♪ When I hear that trumpet sound
I'm gonna get up out of ♪
♪ the ground there ain't no grave
gonna hold my body down ♪
♪ there ain't no grave gonna
hold my body down ♪
I baptize you in the name of the
Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.
Amen.
[ Music ]
♪ When I hear that trumpet sound I'm
gonna get up out of the ground ♪
[ Music ]
[ Muffled singing ]
♪ There ain't no grave
gonna hold my body down ♪
♪ when you hear that trumpet sound
gonna get up out of the ground ♪
♪ there ain't no grave
gonna hold my body-- ♪
Daniel: I feel I
have reason, now.
Tawney: Yes, you do.
Just to-to be here,
to be right here--
God has a plan for you, Daniel.
I'm alive, Tawney.
Hmm... I would say so.
I thought I was dead
when I was in there.
You know, and out here, I-I
still didn't believe it,
that I was alive.
It-it was like a-- I
thought it was like
a dead man's dream, you know?
You'll never die now, Daniel.
Will you ever die, Tawney?
No.
I'm so glad.
[ Laughter ]
[ Crying ]
Hey, don't be ashamed.
God is releasing your pain.
Where does it go?
He takes it.
You make me so happy, Tawney.
It's Jesus who makes
you happy, not me.
What?
You know, the goat man told me
it's the beauty, not the ugly,
that hurts the most.
The goat man?
I was with him today.
We-we walked, and we gathered
all the goats together.
And there was this girl,
and she had a head of
another girl in her hands, and--
but, she had a goat's body.
And that was after I-I'd
gone to her window.
Whose window?
And we wrestled.
I knew I was wrestling
with myself.
And he could've won.
He had me, but he helped me
up, and we walked together.
And the tall man at the store led
me back-- back to my father.
To your father?
To Ted's, back to Ted's, and
to the Father, the Son,
and the Holy Ghost, and-and
finally, back here to you.
May I kiss you, Tawney?
[ Music ]
I'm sorry. I shouldn't
have said that. That--
It's okay.
- You're just--
- Filled with the spirit.
Yes?
Yes.
[ Music ]
How about I call
your mama, Daniel?
No.
Thank you for
everything, Tawney.
Let me give you a ride home.
You're all wet.
One day, maybe I'll let
you give me a ride home.
I like it out here.
Do you feel all the life?
I do.
Maybe there is a God.
Good-bye, Tawney.
[ Music ]
[ Sighs ]
Damn it, dad.
Stupid idea.
Hey, Ted!
Don't kill him.
Let him dance.
Sure, buddy.
Ugh...
So, you did the deed, huh?
I did.
How was it?
Fantastical.
[ Laughter ]
Fantastical, huh?
You want some coffee?
You can watch your
friend from inside.
I like coffee.
So, all your sins are
forgiven now, huh?
That must be a load off.
I'm not sure.
Not sure about what?
Seemed so, at first, that I
had truly been cleansed.
- But then, I-- it's confusing-- I--
- Nothing confusing.
Your sins are either
forgiven, or they're not.
Doesn't seem so black
and white, Ted.
[ Laughter ]
Cut the shit, buddy.
It's me you're talkin' to.
That's right.
I don't buy your lost
soul lie for a minute.
You didn't wanna get
right with God.
You wanted to get right with my
wife, right in bed with her.
No-- no-- that's not true.
Listen.
You want a piece of ass?
Then you go pick up some skank
at the bar, but you stay
the hell away from my Tawney.
You hear me?
She's out of bounds, off limits.
Is that clear enough?
Yes.
I-I shouldn't be around her.
Hell, I'm not sure you
should be around anybody.
Stay the hell away from
me while you're at it.
[ Music ]
You know, one thing's
just been buggin'
the shit out of me.
What's that?
When you was telling me that
sickening shower story,
which I still don't understand
why you told me somethin'
- like that--
- You asked.
But, when you said how
it doesn't do any good
to fight back, you know,
'cause there was too many
of 'em or somethin'--
you remember that?
You remember saying that?
I do remember that.
Now, what I wanna know is,
is did you fight back?
Or, did you just
relax and enjoy it?
It's not that simple.
It's exactly that simple.
There are things you don't know.
[ Laughter ]
Yeah-- well, long as
there's things you know.
[ Music ]
Weirdo coming in here
and doing everything.
Hey!
[ Grunting ]
[ Coffee pot bubbling ]
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org